In this lesson will apply some initial styles to our hero component.
So let's get right to it.
I want to apply some classes to this section element in my hero dot view file.
And these classes are all going to come from Tailwind.
So I want to begin with Flex, which will make this a Flexbox.
I then want to set the orientation or the direction of the Flexbox.
In other words, how the elements will distribute themselves within the Flexbox.
So I want to do flex dash.
Karl that will make the flex direction attribute set to column, which means the contents of my hero
will flow from top to bottom rather than from left to right, so vertically instead of horizontally.
I also want to apply a dash screen.
This may be a new tailwind since class.
As you can see on the right, it sets the high to 100, the H and that the H stands for viewport height.
The viewport is what the user sees in the browser, the screen.
So we're making this element 100% of the viewport height.
Then the only thing I want to do after that is to add some padding, and I want to add a different amount
of padding to both my top and the bottom.
On the top I want to apply 40 pixels of padding and I can do that with the PPT classes that is short
for padding top.
And if I do, for example, t ten, that is going to be 40 pixels of padding on the top.
On the bottom, I'm going to apply a class called PB 20.
That's a lot more padding on the bottom and that's going to be equal to 80 pixels of padding on the
bottom.
Okay, one more success class, and this one is purely optional.
We're actually going to remove it later.
But I like to have a sense of what my box looks like within the browser.
And one way that we can easily distinguish this hero box or this hero component is by giving it a background
color, a background color that, again, we will eventually remove.
So I'm just going to pick an arbitrary tailwind CSS background class.
I'm going to do BG and let's do yellow 200.
Again, this is not for stylistic reasons.
This is just so we can see this section element within our browser.
So if I navigate back to Chrome, there we go.
This is what our page is looking like currently, and it's a good place to start out.
Well, notice we have our padding on top ever padding on bottom.
In fact, it looks like we are covering up more than the entire screen because we are extending past
the range of the height of this May now.
But for now, this looks good enough to me.
So we'll continue with this in the very next lesson.